Main character: William "Will" Swift
Secondary character: Amelia "Mia" Turner
Antagonist: Jonathan "John" Blackwood
Supporting character: Charles Fitzgerald, Will's best friend
Love interest: Elizabeth Mason
Mentor figure: Professor Samuel Bennett
Family member: Sarah Swift, Will's sister
Friend turned foe: Patrick Miller
Romantic rival: Ethan Thompson
Police detective: Detective Lisa Rodriguez
Villain's henchman: Marcus Collins
Mysterious stranger: Gabriel Adams
Will's childhood friend: Samantha "Sam" Johnson
Will's ex-girlfriend: Emily Thompson
Business partner: Alex Roberts
Secret organization member: Olivia Reynolds
Betrayed ally: Michael Jenkins
Senator: Senator Brian Davis
Journalist: Victoria Stewart
Corrupt businessman: Richard Carter
Tech genius: Matthew Johnson
Will's former mentor: Professor Robert Anderson
Undercover agent: Agent Emily Harris
Will's neighbor: Mr. Wilson
Financial advisor: Rachel Morgan
Barista at Will's favorite café: Lily Thompson
Will's college roommate: Benjamin "Ben" Foster
Investigative journalist: Martin Henderson
Will's childhood bully: Jason Williams
Scientist: Dr. Emma Thompson
Computer hacker: Kyle Turner
Will's former boss: David Anderson
FBI agent: Agent Rebecca Collins
Publicist: Olivia Stevens
Will's childhood crush: Jessica Taylor
Betrayed love interest: Nicole Foster
Will's ex-boyfriend: Matthew Wilson
Police officer: Officer James Jenkins
Lawyer: Emily Roberts
Will's childhood idol: Michael Adams
Nurse: Sarah Turner
Will's former teacher: Mrs. Davis
Will's childhood caretaker: Mrs. Evans
Army veteran: Sergeant Thomas Thompson
Bartender: Jacob Wilson
Will's high school coach: Coach Mitchell
Architect: David Foster
Psychic medium: Madison Collins
Will's childhood pet: Max, the dog
Waitress at Will's favorite diner: Grace Stevens
Party planner: Jennifer Wilson
Will's former bandmate: John Roberts
Doctor: Dr. Benjamin Davis
Will's former classmate: Sarah Mitchell
Wedding planner: Rebecca Turner
Will's childhood neighbor: Mr. Harris
Police chief: Chief Anderson
Will's former employee: Sarah Adams
Will's childhood tutor: Miss Thompson
Architectural historian: Professor Rachel Davis
Will's former landlord: Mr. Mason
Will's high school counselor: Mrs. Johnson
Will's former colleague: Alex Turner
Private investigator: Robert Henderson
Will's childhood adversary: Laura Blackwood
Bartender: Samantha Smith
Will's former rival athlete: Eric Foster
Will's middle school teacher: Mr. Harris
Will's former business partner: Ethan Roberts
Wedding photographer: Jessica Jenkins
Will's former client: Jennifer Mitchell
Firefighter: James Thompson
Will's former teammate: Mark Turner
Park ranger: Emily Collins
Will's former crush: Rachel Johnson
Flight attendant: Samantha Miller
Will's college advisor: Professor Katherine Wilson
Will's former roommate: Michael Evans
Veterinarian: Dr. Sarah Blackwood
Will's former rival musician: Emily Adams
Teacher: Mr. Mitchell
Will's former mentor's daughter: Lily Anderson
Real estate agent: Matthew Mitchell
Will's childhood friend's parent: Mrs. Taylor
Lifeguard: Samantha Davis
Will's former classmate's sibling: Jack Thompson
Librarian: Emily Harris
Will's former boss's assistant: Olivia Mitchell
Museum curator: Sarah Foster
Will's former childhood bully's sibling: Daniel Williams
Will's garden neighbor: Mrs. Foster
Principal: Mr. Johnson
Will's former co-worker: Jennifer Adams
Wedding DJ: Matthew Collins
Will's former rival writer: Emma Thompson
Art gallery owner: Richard Johnson
Will's former crush's best friend: Ashley Mitchell
Theatre director: Samantha Davis
Will's former teammate's sibling: Emily Turner
Will's former childhood idol's assistant: Jessica Wilson